alt.atheism


Sorry, you're right.  I did not clearly state it.



The most common form of condescending is the rational versus irrational
attitude.  Once one has accepted the _assumption_ that there is no god(s),
and then consider other faiths to be irrational simply because their
assumption(s) contradict your assumption, then I would say there's a
lack of consistency here.

Now I know you'll get on me about faith.  If the _positive_ belief that God
does not exist were a closed, logical argument, why do so many rational
people have problems with that "logic"?

But you, probably like me, seem to be a soft atheist.  Sorry for the flamage.


;)  What is the CLIPPER project BTW?



It might have appeared to attack atheism in general, but its point was
that mass killing happens for all sorts of reasons.  People will hate who
they will and will wave whatever flag to justify it, be it cross or
hammer&sickle.  The Stalin example _is_ important not only because it's
still a widely unappreciated era that people want to forget but also
because people really did love him and his ideas, even after all that he
had wrought.


First, all the pink crows/unicorns/elves arguments in the world will not
sway most people, for they simply do not accept the analogy.  Why?

One of the big reasons is that many, many people want something
beyond this life.  You can pretend that they don't want this, but I for
one can accept it and even want it myself sometimes.

And there is nothing unique in this example of why people want a God.
Can love as a truth be proven, logically?



John the Baptist boasted of Jesus to many people.  I find it hard to see
how that behavior is arrogant at all.  Many Christians I know also boast
in this way, but I still do not necessarily see it as arrogance.  Of course,
I do know arrogant Christians, doctors, and teachers as well.  Technically,
you might consider the person who originally made a given claim to be arrogant,
Jesus, for instance.


I speak against strong atheism.  I also often find that the evidence
supporting a faith is very subjective, just as, say, the evidence supporting
love as truth is subjective.


No apology necessary.  :)
--
Bake Timmons, III